1. Tell me about your professional Experiecne ?
My name is ____ having 5 + years of exp in banking/telecom/insurance/healthcare in manual and autoamtion testing using selenium along with java.
i am having exp in selenium with java , exp in CI tool like jenkins, Defect management tool like HPALM and Test management tool like JIRA.
API tol like postman, database like mysql.  

I am experience of designing the hybrid framework from scratch using test testng,POM,DataDrivena and Keyword Driven.
I am also exposure to DBB Cucumber.

2. Explain me about your framework ?

3. Explain me about your Project ?

My project is a banking project . i am a part of SDET team . we are into personal banking where end users are going to use our apllication accross diferrent regions
(europe and asia). we are making some enhacements to the existing project and maitaining the regression scripts. Accrding to the region the application 
flow will be different.
  

Selenium Interview Questions

1. What are the locators in selenium ? which locaotr is prefered (id or name) and which locator is faster ?(id, css, relative x path)
2. What are types of waits in selenium ? (how will u resole application is slow and inetrnet is slow , how will your scripts to work)
3. Explain selenium suite?
4. Explain selenium hierarchy?
5. Selenium 3 and selenium 4 differences ?
6. what are the features included in selenium 4
5. how will u handle dropdowns?
6. how will u handle frames? (what is the tagname of frames)
7. how will hadle windows?
8. how will execute scripts in healess mode?
9. how will handle mouse operrations.
10.Webtable related questions based on the scenraio
11. alerts
12. what is data driven and when u should for data driven (for buk data we should go for data driven) . Expalin what are the classes used ? (APache POI bibrary)
13. what is POM. what is the purpose of it ? (To obtain object repository (locators in one location/file)) and use with @findBy annotation ?

14. order of executions of annotations in testNg  (@Before STC M @Test M CTS @After)
15. if there is 10 test cases , and i want to execute only 3 of them , how to execute ? (configure testng.xml file and inclucde 3 test methods)
16. if there is 10 test cases , and i dont want want execute 3 of them , how to execute ? (go to the testng class class and @Test(enabled = 'false')
17. what is the purpose of data provider and when u will use it ? (applicable for one @Test)
18. what is the return type of data provider ? [][] 
19. what is the purpose of page factory and when u will use it ?(applicable for all @Test present in class) 
20. what is the return type of factory? []

21. what are the types of xpaths?

22. what are the API's (soap and rest)
23. API tools (postman and Soap UI)
24. How to automate API(Rest Assured Library, karate, cypress(both API and UI web applications) 

26. explian BDD cucumber ?
Feature files ( scenario , Given, When and Then)
Step Defination files(wefo are ging to write scripts for each and every guven , when and then)
Runner file (cucumber options) 
(using scenrio outline we can achieve data driven apporach)

27. how will to identify broken links( if tehre are  25 links n webpage , how will you test and identify links which are working and which are not working)
28. will selneium handle windiws based opop up (file explorer) ? No , but with help of Auto IT, Sikuli or Robot Class (File Upload))
29. which cannot be autoamted or not suppose to be autoamted ( bar code, OTP, end user identication/autherntication)
30. how will execute the scripts in parallely ?
31. how to seggregate the scripts scripts according to groups ?
32. how will execute the failed scripts in selenium/tests ? (testng by default it will be generating failed-testg.xml)
33. how will you execute the scrips in multiple browsers ?(firefox , chrome , IE) (selenium Grid, master and slave architecire)

what are collections using , u are familiar with (list, set and hash map)
Java :

34. static, this, constructor, super,
35.basics programs related to string
36. OOPS concepts (abstraction , inheritance , poly morphism, interfaces)

37. go through all the files present in src/test/resources.
